From the Bureau of Manhattan Community College, Tribeca Performing Arts Senator, and the New
York Comedy Festival, Harmontown is now in session.
How about we introduce our Game Master, Mrs. Spencer Crittenden.
Hello.
Hello, Spencer.
Thank you.
You got a really adorable little desk there.
Oh, yeah.
I'm owning my space.
Let's bring out your Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Big Apple, not too small.
Big Apple, buildings tall.
Lots of windows, lots of cars.
Hey, this city ours.
Good to me.
Oh, all the New York history.
George Washington once invaded.
The River.
The Third Street.
Patrick Henry had a birthday here.
Dan, you want to give us a little, some of your, your, your known as kind of a New York,
like, kind of a, kind of a guide.
You're like the Anthony Bourdain of New York.
You know that podcast, The Bowery Boys.
You know, it's like a podcast and they talk about New York.
The Living Thriving New York.
That's the, when I listen to those guys, I'm like, it'd be nice if they knew a thing or two about the city.
Right.
Where can I get the best spats?
Spats.
1853, right at the prime when Central Park was just a cattle ranch.
That's when the spat was invented.
What happened is General MacArthur, who used, it was part of the Sugar Trust.
Right.
He wanted to figure out a way to turn shoes into boots.
Because a lot of people don't understand us, but the sodium street lights were highly combustible.
And so it was a sign of wealth if you were singed.
Because Fifth Avenue was basically a, before it was a candy bar, it was a fire hazard.
But it was where the wealthy lived.
And so boots were less popular than shoes because how could you survive a sodium streetlight fire with your boots intact?
So the wealthy liked to wear shoes, which a lot of people don't know this, where shoes were invented.
A shoe is a burnt boot.
A shoe doesn't make any sense.
Everything was a boot.
And then this fashion thing happened where you needed to look like you were in a fire.
So the more of the top of your shoe that was burnt off meant you were a sign of wealth.
The more, the nearer the Rockefellers you were, who in that day you could see dancing at the Green Mile over on Third and Crenshaw.
You know there were only three boroughs back then representing the two gangs of New York and of course the unofficial mayor of New York at that time, Butterfinger,
Butterfinger boss Todd and his famously corrupt mayor.
You were talking earlier then about why they call Wall Street Wall Street.
Right. Well it was originally a wall.
It wasn't a street because it's where people were making money and you don't want a street there.
Poor people follow streets. You don't want them to go where your money goes.
And then there was a sort of like famous like squabble.
They threw a bunch of ticker tape into the harbor and the rich people said, what if it's a wall and a street and Wall Street was born?
Just make it a street but we'll call it Wall Street because it means if you're here you're not welcome.
Now go ahead. You can take your trolley. You can make your lightning bike.
New York history. I'm just full of it.
Where's the best place in town for you to get a nice Chinese hot pot?
Well I know a lot of people will tell you never to go above a hundred and third.
But the truth is the Upper East is the new meat pack.
And I will find myself right between 95 and 97 on the corner of A and A.
The best wontons in the Duplo.
Look we don't have a lot of time. We're ripping through. This is a festival set.
For those of you listening at home you're going to be like, whoa this podcast is really impressive.
No we're just moving at a higher crisper pace because it's a festival energy.
We're in a packed house here. I think we're at the...
There's not a single empty seat.
Don't look it up.
I think tonight's attendance is 48,000 people.
We're at the Metropolitan Opera House and we couldn't be...
A lot of you people could have been at Elton John tonight at the Madison Square Garden but no they chose to be here.
And the fire department's been turning people away. They can't fit all that people in here.
There was not to make light of awful, awful current mass shootings or the mass shooting du jour.
Maybe a little bit.
What I think is odd is getting on a plane to go from California to New York
and feeling safer because Griffith Park's on fire right now as we speak.
My house is about to maybe burn down.
We've been keeping eyes on that all day.
It just feels nice to come out to a nice quiet evening in New York.
Yeah man. We've got it under control.
Where the stops are frisked.
So at a certain point...
No guests. I'm not going to come to New York and bring out...
Here's John Oliver. It easily could. That would be an easy thing I could do.
Butterfinger boss Todd is here tonight.
But it would take time. He'd be playing catch up and all this stuff.
Look. I brought Rob Schrab. Let's bring him out.
Yeah.
Look at this.
How does that feel?
What the fuck is going on here?
What?
Did you bring enough gum for the rest of the class?
What is the... For the listeners we're describing...
That's my dick.
It looks like a walker had sex with a desk.
What is a little black plastic thing in front?
My dick's just popping out back here.
Where are you from? You're fucking kidding me.
Photos are good podcasting.
I can't even take the picture. I can't even take the picture.
He really can't.
What is the front plastic section of the...
It's to hide my dick.
And the microphone is glued to the top?
Or what?
Why would you think that? That's a stupid thing.
Turn the desk upside down.
No, it's not stuck. Why would you think that?
Lift it up.
Don't make me move to the next stool.
Oh, God.
You were saying, Dan, I'm so sorry.
This is kind of a rear show.
It's not the first time coming to New York.
We take the show on the road. We love going places.
This is probably the first show that if we talk about the flight out here,
it's the only thing we're ever going to talk about.
That's good, though. That's a good show.
We learned a lot of material on the way over here.
I'm going to give you some headlines.
First, in the interest of the...
We took a limo to LAX from Los Feliz.
You get into one of these limos and there's an ice thing,
and there's some glasses.
Every time I go, like, well, then we should have booze.
I don't know what that is. Oh, I think it's called alcoholism.
But you see ice, and you see glasses, and then you're like,
well, then I go and get a bottle of vodka,
and I get a bottle of Fernet Bronco,
which is that Hitler medicine that Jeff's always talking about.
If you're a fan of the podcast.
Is it fixed or Hitler yet?
You came down with some Hitler.
I had a 24-hour Hitler.
Hitler medicine.
And we're just drinking in the traffic on the way to LAX,
and we're having a good time.
And we were fine.
We were listening to Celine Dion.
There was a CD in the limo.
I think that's the last time the limo was used.
You were playing the little mermaid soundtrack
as loud as it could go.
You and Cody were screaming along a different song,
different lyrics to the song.
I do.
I remember everything up until about...
Do you remember me going, maybe another song?
Maybe a different one.
I knew it was starting when Cody was like,
play Chicago.
What's the song where he had it coming?
And I'm like, play he had it coming.
And Jeff's like, it's called he had it coming?
I don't know.
And it's not called he had it coming.
It's a cell block tango.
But it's like, you know, Cody kind of like,
I can see, you know, I've been with her for many years,
and I can kind of start to see, like,
which is usually an adorable amount of like,
when the Gary Busey starts to come out, like the...
Can I just stop you?
When she starts to like, like, like, starts to become...
There's like lines being drawn in the sand for no reason.
Let me just paint one picture.
Also, Cody is dressed like a garage mechanic.
She's...
Well, yeah.
She has this like, comfortable, very sexy
for how comfortable and practical it is.
Usually those things don't overlap,
but at the middle of that Vendaya...
Bright pink chrome shoes, dressed like a mechanic.
She looks like a mechanical night writer, yeah.
Arms, everywhere.
And she's like, you know, she's like,
put it on that song, I love that song.
And then that song starts and it's like,
it starts with like, pop, swish, Schwartz,
Cicero or whatever, you know, that's what I was talking about.
And Cody's...
Cody's of all the songs to defiantly pretend
you know the lyrics to.
I was like, pop, Cicero, Schwartz, like,
you're just saying what you're hearing.
You don't know the song anyways.
But we're like, so we roll up to LAX and I'm like...
See, now, if I can hit pause here,
this is the last thing I remember.
And this is like the forward of the story.
Right, because the stars of the story that emerge
are gonna be Jeff Davis and Cody Heller and...
Steve Levy.
I would call it a tale of two kinds of drunk.
I don't know what happened.
I feel like I really...
You drank a lot and got drunk, that's what happened.
But I disappeared.
I became...
Right, we'll get there.
I think it's...
He disappeared.
It's actually a rare story that's actually
probably most important to just cut ahead.
It's like one of those like...
Jeff will be awoken by...
Police.
LAX police on a bench.
So there are questions.
And ask him, where are you going?
And his answer will be Los Angeles.
And they will say, you're in Los Angeles.
And he will then...
Where are you going?
And after a while, they'll arrive at New York.
No, no, they got me there.
They pitched New York.
They said, where are you going?
I said, I paused and I thought about it.
I said, I don't know.
I thought I was coming home.
So because what happened...
What we've pieced together...
I can tell you the subjective things.
I can tell you that I last saw Jeff and Cody.
We got split up into the TSA checkpoint line.
I looked over.
These are my friends.
I'm having a great time.
I'm actually...
I thought I was going to be the self-destructive rockstar.
Because I'm like...
The guy goes...
I'm in my anti-TSA mode where I'm just like...
I can't understand what you're saying.
You have to take your laptop out of the bag.
The guy goes to Dan.
Sir, can I look in your bag?
And Dan goes, what if I say no?
And I'm like, oh Jesus Christ.
That's how drunk I was.
I'm like, oh God.
He's the third drunkest person in the store.
I'm like, oh my God.
I was like, okay, I'm just going to fight the government.
Let me answer that question.
I end up being the Matthew Broderick in this story.
I end up being the Anthony Michael Hall of this breakfast club.
And I'm like, what are you going to do?
Take me to Guantanamo?
So I get through that line.
And then Cody somehow,
maybe it got activated by the backscatter machine.
Like, she's a marionette of Courtney Love
when she gets to the other side.
And the only person holding the strings is...
God.
And God is not a good puppeteer.
He's not.
But I don't want to derail us with that stuff.
We'll get back to that.
We get up to the lounge where...
Cody's like...
It's delayed.
It probably takes 20 minutes.
We were over-served in the limo.
And it must just be hitting her.
And she's getting unable to be motile.
And she's starting to like...
She's just making sounds.
And all you can register is that she's defiant about something.
But then I'm not a good person either.
You get to do your impression of me.
Yeah, go, Schrab.
Schrab has the best version of this story.
Because I'm looking around and I'm seeing a guy.
If I see Cody being Lucy Goosey in a fluorescent lit lounge at 6 p.m.
And then I see a guy across from her going like this.
Maybe that guy's playing Pokemons.
But maybe he's TMZ.
And I'm just like, I don't want to feel protective.
Anyway, chaos.
We get into the lounge, chaos, chaos, chaos.
I'm like, here's my ticket.
You're in first class. Go ahead.
All right, that's great.
I start walking.
I'm walking around enough in time to see Cody
going to the woman across the counter to go,
what up, bitch?
What up, bitch?
And I'm like, oh, my God.
And just to give you an indication of how...
That bitch's response was in German.
It was like, she was just...
There was absolutely no way that she...
We don't have the papers.
Well, German maybe evokes that stuff.
I'm just saying, like, make her Swiss.
But she was a tourist.
She didn't speak English because her response
to what up, bitch, was Weltenschlangen?
I don't know.
What is happening?
I came here for the gummy bears and the Seattle needle.
I get so...
My brain goes blank with deuce chills.
Like, I'm just like going to...
And I turn away and then I turn back again
in time for you to catch you saying
to the Swiss German woman,
look,
we don't work here and you're acting like
we're supposed to know this stuff.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Holy shit.
You're confusing. I wouldn't say that.
I'm not saying that to the tour.
I was saying that to the people at the counter
that worked for the airline.
Yeah, wasn't she the Swiss German woman?
No, Cody wasn't saying what up, bitch,
to a person that worked for the airline.
She was saying it to some poor bystander
who was also sitting in the reading area.
Okay, well, I was far away.
So I'm glad we had this discussion.
We're piecing it together.
Right.
And the great thing is, again,
it gets worse.
So...
So Cody...
So Cody is like...
And she lost her boarding pass at this point, right?
And her footing, she fell down a couple of times.
We all love Cody, by the way.
Yeah, we love Cody.
You do a little nonlinear storytelling thing here
because the whole time there's also this, like,
the sideline of, like, Steve Levy is...
Right, we have a mention.
He's doing this, like,
get him to the Greek if there's, like,
eight Russell brands.
And the theme I keep hearing is, like,
well, can you try to...
I'm gonna try to find Jeff.
And I just keep thinking, like, where's Jeff?
Where's Jeff?
And then later, when we were driving here,
Jeff's listening to the stories about Cody.
And then Jeff's...
Jeff at one point goes, uh...
He goes, oh, well, maybe I was there
and that's why I left?
And Schrab goes, no.
You were gone in the Star Wars crawl.
You were...
You were the Silver C-3PO.
Which is true
because, well, we base together...
Here's what Jeff did.
Jeff...
Jeff was in the TSA checkpoint.
The TSA checkpoint.
We think he got through security, right?
I was pretty sure he got through the X-ray machine.
Right, he was just in a line and then disappeared.
And then fate turned his body
physically around enough
that 40 years of touring
and landing at LAX
and eight quarts of Fernet Branca
broke his sim
and he...
he ended up just walking
to a baggage claim
from the fucking X-ray machine.
Better call an Uber.
And he did call a lift.
And he woke up on a bench
three hours later
by stun baton.
Between... between getting out...
between getting out of the limo,
the next thing I remember
is police tapping me on the shoulder.
I was sitting downstairs
outside at arrivals
and a cop is going,
sir, your friends are looking for you.
Because Steve Levy called the fuzz.
Because...
Here's the thing.
I was never... I was in New York
when this was all happening.
I was already in New York in a hotel room.
Because for some reason, Spencer doesn't like
to travel with us.
Right.
So...
I put foam on all the sharp corners and stuff.
It was two
LAX cops that tapped me on the shoulder
and said, hey, your friend, they moved your flight,
come with us.
Steve is now boarding the flight that is leaving
without Jeff.
And he's like, Spencer, Jeff is missing.
Can you call someone?
And not only did I have nine texts
from Steve,
I had four or five texts
from the lift driver that I called.
Because I was going to go home.
And she's like, I'm here.
Where are you? I'm upstairs.
What the fuck?
And I called the car thinking I was leaving
the goddamn thing.
And they were taking me back in
to Alaska Airlines.
And they go, okay, we have a flight for you.
You're going to be in first class,
so there's one seat available.
And the woman says,
and the cop says, sir, where are you going?
And I said, Los Angeles.
And he goes, you're in Los Angeles.
Where are you going?
And I went, I don't know.
And then we all laughed.
The cops and the lady,
we all had a good laugh about it.
I said, look, I've been on tour a lot
and I'm very disoriented right now.
I don't know what's going on.
Disoriented.
I tour a lot every Friday night, too.
But I lost my compass now.
I'm going to tour after I get done with you.
Somehow, because Levy is awesome
and he got me a driver
from JFK,
I somehow managed to make it
to our hotel with my bags
and all of my stuff.
We thought you were going to come out on the carousel
when we got to New York.
We were so sure.
But I just realized we're committing a major podcast crime,
like all the true crime shows
that focus on the murderers
and not enough on the victims.
I want to bring out Steve Levy.
Because...
Levy?
Awesome.
Because he was the only sober one
to be able to piece all this together
by asking him questions.
I'm so sorry.
Can we have Steve Levy come back on?
I have a different music drop for him.
Oh, damn.
I'm so sorry. This will just take a second.
Can you play it through your mic?
I can try.
MUSIC
Wasn't this so much better?
Thank you, Spencer.
It's a good theme for you.
A muffled, muted distance.
That's what he deserves.
He doesn't deserve a generic sound clip.
All right.
So, all's well that ends well.
I get the car home, I make it.
But, meanwhile, there's a whole...
The A story is still happening aboard the original flight.
Yeah, because most of the story happens while you're unconscious.
Yeah.
It's more fun to talk about Cody,
but that's because we have answers about her.
You...
You went into the black hole.
I did.
I think I roofied myself. I don't know what happened.
I got to tell you,
I went to the University of Miami,
and when I was there,
we won Playboy Party School
of the Year.
And I had a lot of training
being the only sober person
at that school.
Dealing with the most
drunken people,
and I really got to use those tools
last night that I sharpened.
You were great.
Some highlights that I wasn't there for,
because eventually I had to leave Cody in the lounge
because I was like you people
who I've not met, but hello,
including Ruthie Aslan's cousin.
Ruthie Aslan
was a community editor.
She was my right hand
on a lot of amazing stuff I made
and her cousins here.
Shout out to her.
You know what, you can be Ruthie's cousin and be a guy.
It's a new world.
Wow.
Shout out to cousins
for being inherently non-binary.
Fuck your heteronormative
nephews and nieces.
Cousins are where it's at.
They can be anything.
Alright, anyways.
Yeah, I mean...
I'm sorry.
I don't want this show to go by without people knowing
that my girlfriend
on the bridge to the...
what do they call the bridgey thing?
She made it...
I never thought you would get her that far.
Well, let's go back.
Let's start from...
Let's do a little...
I mean, this is a little Rashomon, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I just wanted to...
She saw a baby like in a stroller
and said way too loud,
look at that fucking baby.
She...
I was standing Cody up against the wall
and I was looking at Cody.
I was like, Codes, tell me something.
And then she sees this baby.
It's about two feet to her right.
She goes, look at this fucking baby.
An inch away from touching its hand
and the mother's just like, uh...
Oh, no.
That's what Cody does.
Cody drinks too much.
She becomes Richard Dawson from the 70s,
like Family Feud.
She just keeps...
She keeps welcoming people
to her drunk of her.
When she got on the plane,
she looked over and there were two
incredibly handsome gay dudes
who were like...
Two straight guys that handsome
were hanging out together.
It's just not possible.
When you and I hang out,
it's not a big deal.
They were a very...
They were clean cut,
like straight edge kind of looking guys,
but just actually strikingly
chiseled and like
handsome.
But these are the thoughts you keep
in your head.
But not when
you're America's aunt,
my girlfriend after a drink,
who
comes on the plane and
she plops down
in the seat and looks over at those guys
and goes like,
Whoa, look at these good-looking fellas.
Look at these handsome guys.
They're very handsome.
Were you guys going to Alaska?
Because we're on Alaska Airlines?
Yeah.
And they go,
no, are you going to Alaska?
Is that how they dress in Alaska now?
Are you skipping over
part of that baby encounter?
I'm skipping over a million things.
This is a post-Netflix audience.
They can handle it.
Did you know that Jonah Hill's character
was actually an octopus after...
Wasn't there a much more important thing
with the baby?
I just want
people to know how much I love my girlfriend
and why.
I like that even the
worst-case scenario with my girlfriend
is
Dark Bill Murray.
Or that she's like,
Look at this fucking baby.
She was starting to unzip
her knight or mechanic jumper.
She happily unzipped her jumper
and her boobs were out a little bit.
And I don't know what...
She's trying to feed the baby.
She's like, hey, kid.
Come over here.
After she flaps down
and says, take a look at these good-looking dudes,
and they're going, oh, okay,
right, whatever.
And I'm sitting like a row or two behind.
And then so for the next
hour, I hear, go to sleep.
Go to sleep.
That's great.
Are you going to break up with me?
Go to sleep.
But she never went to sleep.
No.
She just sat there
and kept looking over at me
like my dad
after eight Southern comforts.
When I was 10, I would just get this
feel this glare and I would go to sleep.
I did nothing for five
hours. I pretended to look at my phone
while I was like,
you're drunk too.
You don't get mad.
Just go to sleep
and wake up normal.
But she never did.
She just slowly got more charismatic.
She had
best friends with the flight attendants
and everybody.
She's like, I'm fun.
I know you're fun. I hate you.
Dan's in the lounge
going, I don't know what to do.
I'm waving my options.
You're a piece of celery right now.
You're a piece of celery.
I want to dump you in a dumpster.
You're going to dump me? Why?
Just like, oh my God.
I want to die.
Whereas I, like a gentleman,
was just having a nice little map outside
on a bench.
Levy, do something to mitigate that
glimpse he just gave these people
of me talking to my girlfriend when she's
incapacitated.
So here's
my side of this.
So we get through security.
Jeff is not,
nowhere to be found.
I'm like, well, look, Jeff,
one thing about Jeff is every time we travel,
he always splits up from the group and goes to a bar.
Oh yeah, first thing that happens when we get through security.
He just ditches us and goes and reads a book somewhere.
You know, it's like, go read Moby Dick
in the coolest bar in your city so he can come out here
and say, oh, I love the penny pincher.
And we go, oh, that's, wow, that's extra cool.
I can't believe you read a Cormac McCarthy
book in the fucking phone booth cafe.
So,
so
our little touring family was like, look,
this is what Jeff does, this is what Jeff does.
I was going, no, he did not make it through security.
Who do you think, Jeff's the grown up?
And I
knew I had to get them to the lounge.
So I get them to the lounge.
We had the altercation
at the front desk where
we couldn't get in because
she lost her boarding pass, right?
Cody lost her boarding pass. Dan didn't know
which card he had to give to get us into the lounge.
Schrab was already checked in. Cody was going,
this bitch, she's so, she's got this,
she's got this fucking bitch.
She's,
and the lady's just like,
she's not going to make it on this. They will
not let her on the flight if she's like this. And then I'm like,
fuck, okay, well, this changes
my night entirely.
Then we realize how bad the situation
is. Dan sits Cody down.
She's stumbling. She could barely stand up
at this point. She's stumbling while
sitting down.
Yeah. Yeah.
She was in danger
of missing the chair she had been
sitting in for 10 minutes.
She was still in the process
of sitting in it.
Schrab's texting me.
What's the Wi-Fi?
A man is dead. A big, pretty quiet.
I'm like, oh, look at these lunatics.
And I'm like, hey, I can't figure out,
there's signs, literally a billboard right
ahead of me. The Wi-Fi password
is, what's the Wi-Fi password?
I say,
I say to the group, I got to find Jeff.
They're like, you're being ridiculous.
Jeff is fine. No, I got to find Jeff.
So I go down and I look
at every airport bar.
No Jeff to be found.
I call Spencer. I'm like,
I know you just got to the hotel.
I can't find Jeff.
I might have to call you in a little bit
to help me with this one.
I'll let you know how things go.
Cody's really blasted, too.
We may not make it on this flight.
I don't know what the hell is going to happen.
And then I get back up to the lounge.
Cody's gotten worse.
She's wearing her black glasses
and she's like...
I thought that was cool.
It's probably a terrible
co-dependent relationship,
but I was kind of turned on
some of the time.
I called Jeff about 10 times.
Couldn't get in touch with him.
I called church.
She hadn't heard from him.
And then the flight starts boarding
and I'm like, Rob, you guys have to get on this flight.
I turn to Dan.
I'm like, what's boarding?
You know, we have to make a decision.
And Dan's like, to Cody,
Cody, I love you.
I think the best thing for me to do
is cancel this video.
Take you home.
Take care of you because
you're not going to get it.
Yeah, give them the mic.
You're cutting it out.
Yeah, give them the other mic.
Now you take the other mic on the stool.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You got it, you got it.
You know, a lot of people could do that
without any words.
So
he looks at me.
What am I doing?
I can't deal with it.
They're not going to let her on this flight.
Look at her. She can't stand up.
I said,
I got it. Don't worry about it.
Just get on the flight.
I'll figure it out.
Dan goes, I don't know how you're going to figure this out.
But, okay,
I don't want to cancel this show.
I don't want to go to New York without Cody.
He turns to Cody.
He tells her that he loves her about 12 times.
He kisses her and he goes,
I'm so sorry.
I believe he's going to figure this one out somehow.
And he goes,
and I look at Cody and I'm like,
Codes, it's you and me, bros tonight.
We're going to figure this out somehow.
Where's your boarding pass?
She's like, I don't know.
I had printed her a second boarding pass at this point.
She lost this one.
I was like, okay, Cody,
we're going to get on this flight.
It's boarding. Don't even trip.
I got to find Jeff.
She's like, yeah, Jeff, where is that guy?
Are we going to make this flight?
What's Jeff doing?
And so I go and I talk to the lady at the front.
I'm like, I need three flights,
like three seats on the next flight.
She's like, there's only one first class seat
for the next three flights to New York.
I was like,
I don't think I'm going to make it on this flight
without losing one of my team.
So I called.
I just want to pause here and point out
that a podcast flying
across a first world country
to do a 90 minute show
shouldn't have a casualty ratio
as high as a police action
in the 70s
in a third world country.
Like, oh, I think
like, Spencer's like,
you guys get on the plane.
I'm like, yeah, there's some casualties.
There's like seven of us
came. Five of us are going to be
at JFK.
Yeah. So I was like,
I had to make a decision. It's like, do I try to find
Jeff or do I just try to get Cody on this flight?
The woman at the front was like,
you got to do your best at getting her on the flight.
Just don't have her say a word.
Try to make her walk as best
as she can.
And you can do it.
You can get her on this flight.
Everyone's rooting for you guys.
You can get her on the flight.
So I go to Cody. I was like, Codes,
we got to go board this flight. We're going to be late.
She's like, all right, let's do it.
I'm really tired. I got a pee.
I was like, we got to just wait.
We got to wait until we get on the flight.
She's like, can I wear my glasses?
You better wear those glasses.
You look so fucking cool.
So I stand Cody up.
She staggers a little bit.
I'm like, here, here, hold my arm.
And so I lead her to the elevator.
I'm like, where's Jeff?
Do these glasses make me look as cool
as I think they do?
And we're walking to the gate
and
we walk up to the guy
and I'm like, can we scan in?
He was like, yeah, I'm holding
Cody's boarding pass so that she doesn't have to
do anything. She's holding my arm
very quietly. She knows exactly
what she's doing too, like a child.
She's like playing this game.
I get scanned in and as soon as we hit
the bridge to the plane,
she goes, I killed it.
They didn't know.
And they didn't know.
But then the first thing she does is
she turns around and bumps the guy in front of us
because there's still line to board the flight.
And I was like, Cody, you can't.
Please don't do that.
I still can't get a hold of Jeff.
She bumps the guy again.
And then I leaned her up against that wall.
She sees the baby. She does the thing like,
oh, look at this fucking baby.
And then she unzips her thing and then
there was no buffer.
She didn't go, look at this fucking baby.
Hey, baby, admit it.
You wish I was your mom.
It was like about
a three second between baby
and me going,
and this action.
But then I walked her on the flight and Dan was like,
oh, I don't.
I sit her down.
He's like, what the hell is happening?
Where's Jeff?
I sit in my seat. I'm calling everybody.
I call Spencer.
I'm like, are flights about to take off?
Please, can you call like TSA and see if they
they have Jeff
in a room somewhere?
While he's doing that,
I'm calling the LAX police going,
have you guys seen my friend Jeff Davis?
They haven't. I go to the front of the plane.
And she's like,
well, who is it? They look it up
and they're like, he didn't check in.
And I was like, that's not possible.
I checked him in on the computer.
And I printed his boarding pass.
She's like, well, they already lifted his seat.
They already gave his seat away.
And I was like, okay, well,
I don't know.
The LAX police didn't have him.
And we took off.
And you just said, hail Mary.
Jeff called me just as the plane was moving.
I was like, hey,
where are you?
Where are you?
Play the message.
Can you play the message alone?
Yeah.
Oh, no.
It's not embarrassing.
Jeff doesn't like this.
Think of everything that we just told you.
And then this is Jeff's explanation.
I was like, Jeff, we're about to take off.
We're about to take off.
He's like, I can't hear you.
This is the last time you see someone
who's outside a subarrow
in a Logan's Run complex
that is illegal to
cross certain thresholds
where everything is so official.
But you don't expect horns to be honking.
The next time you hear from them.
Dance Texting Me like, where is Jeff?
And I'm like, he's on the street somewhere.
There's a lot of honking in the background.
I was impressed.
He's the new Amelia Earhard.
How did he get from a plane to a street?
and that's illegal he he so he calls me he he keeps calling me he can't hear me
can't hear me I was like text me and then he calls me one last time he goes
like hey I'm gonna get on the next flight and then he called me again and
he left me this message while I was mid-flight and we got it when I landed
let's see oh I'm on flight 1420 from LAX to New York GFK oh someone called Steve
it fucked it up sorry everybody I mean the point is this thing Jeff goes hey
sorry I flaked out 11 30 p.m. so he was fine and we were right so the
question is what's scarier you know the Cody version where it's like holy shit
you had too much to drink your King Kong the government has to be like but
meanwhile like a very frightening level of like he's like Denzel Washington and
is he is that after he got woke up by cops yes so he's just like yeah so a
little bit of a fucking spot of bother yeah nothing I can't handle baby it's
in the way I fell asleep I was sleepy time Davis I was I spaced out I spaced
out and all whilst you're going I mean that's the best you know when you
space out we've all been there when you spaced out and then wake up on the
street corner the cops poking you saying what city are you in it made me like
rewind it since we've been like how many times you've said you've spaced out to
me you space out sometimes we all space I fell asleep Rob while walking
somewhere I was sleeping if I got I went through security and I thought you
know what this seems like a bad flight to be on I don't like the vibe and I
thought I'm gonna go out and sleep this one off yeah there's gonna be another
flight and now we're talking to be good if you get sleepy while you're walking
you might be a space neck all right a space fuck me for anticipating a laugh
volume I should know better than that thank you for that valuable lesson okay
now that we explained how we got here let's start the show okay from beautiful
downtown New York it's Harmontown yeah I here's some things that Cody's doing
when she's not offering a baby her breast on a random flight she she
introducing me to this high maintenance show it's like you guys like
high maintenance or New Yorkers I love that show I just wanted to I just wanted
to signal boost it you seen this show high maintenance no I haven't what's it
about it's like a like an anthology it's it's like like a lot of good shit the
pitch doesn't go is a oh what a clever idea it's an anthology it's like a drug
dealer in New York and like all of his it kind of like weaves through the lives
of his customers and stuff and then his life as well but it's just really like
it's just a good show does he sell different drugs I thought it was just
weed it's mostly yeah it's weed okay yeah I've never watched it I mean I don't
I don't they were there I didn't see every episode there might be stories about
how maybe he can hook you up with Molly I don't know yeah but next season it's
just really well it's just really really really exciting you think we can talk to
somebody here at the Tribeca Performing Arts Center about buying this desk so we
can bring us back to LA so Spencer can oh yeah Spencer can always be at that
thing I like it here's a question that was asked in my hotel room but I think
it's been asked in the podcast before I must have been Cody that asked it does
Spencer's dick have a beard is that that sounds fake and made up that really
happened there's a real question but I don't think I don't think she expected
the answer yes yeah I think we're all dicks kind of have beards we were doing
it we were doing a call back to the fact that we were ended up in a conversation
oh shit
she's already hangin' here everybody
no no no we got places to go at the show
the vodka back no no no go to sleep do you sleep do you feel okay about the
coverage go to sleep wait didn't somebody then what was the person next to you
said thank you like I asked you at the end of the flight about like having to
sit next to her right yeah there was a guy like Cody Cody bolted up out of the
seat as we were landing you know and at that point when everyone's got to get up
to the you know stand up and Cody was immediately befriending the flight
attendants and talking to them and you could you could kind of just hear her
voice wafting back through the plane and at that point that another guy in
first class looked at me and in a kind of like male bonding like or fellow
traveler kind of thing was like you had to deal with that the whole flight big
but because he didn't the I sent in me deal because I what he saw was he thought
we were strange he thought he unloaded my fucking no man's sky laptop and my
Xbox controller and like and then he saw everyone's aunt to get on the plane and
plopped out and be like what's going on and and he probably never saw or heard
any indication that we actually knew each other so he thought it was like I
was in a planes trains and automobiles stitch but then he was like I nailed it
I think I nailed the whole thing like I stand by what I said in that fucking
bridge killed it like people people were digging my vibe like I was it was fun
it was energetic no I don't remember you don't remember anyone not digging your
that is true and I gotta tell you that's like look all's well that ends well
best sex we ever had later when we checked into the hotel thank you Dan thank
you okay but I did I actually came up here to clarify something else I don't
really care about that story but yes I did for real ask if your dick had a beard
okay well do you want to know the context of it well do you because you
obviously people at pubic air I know but I guess I was wondering if yours yes I
know this wasn't this while you were having sex with Dan no this is where
I said best sex I ever had so that's a tip for you out tonight go home and talk
about me ask me ask me more questions about Spencer's dick it was because
earlier I had a beard do you think it has a beard it was because I don't know I
don't know oh oh it was because earlier I asked if your dick floats in the bath
oh yeah I remember that if it floats up like I wanted to know and Dan I don't
know the time frame lines up Dan said must be nice because yeah everybody's
always look I wasn't saying that yours wouldn't float right do you think do you
think do you think I have a micro penis no you perfectly sized penis for human
small pair of players yes you get you get you get a badge when we have that
conversation and I get to be a toothpick I'd still want to know like I'm nailing
it I guess it doesn't it doesn't matter okay found each other and I love it I
love it you know how much I love it in fact on the way here you took a shower
and while you were in the shower I was saying you know wash that dick dick
extra good cuz I'm gonna suck on it later and then I and I and I heated that
call working on it for like I conditioned it I'm ready first you
refuse I'm looking forward to it this is usually a point of anxiety with
previous lovers I'm looking forward to sex so I mean to you baby it's what my
puke is gonna throw up right now but Spencer said that his dick does float in
the water yes yes float yes no float no no float okay that's what I thought all
the ladies out there with pendulous breasts which is a clinical term for the
kind of breasts that like you know you can put a pencil under like some women
don't have those kind of breasts they have just like pert little breasts you
know I have the kind of pendulous breasts that in the water they get extra
buoyant and they float so I was wondering if men have the same kind of
experience right and they do oh well not doing yours does I think yours does but
when your dick is basically a nipple you can send me to Mars send me let's skydive
with me what's your dick doing I just wouldn't hear these conversations what
was your what's your dick look like in a botanical dome and I'm just like this is
more evidence the fact that this is a question for anyone means I have a really
small dick because I this wouldn't be a question of everyone's dick look like mine
can you you would never you would never be like does it float what do you mean
it's a like it's a it's a pepperoni in a fucking turtleneck it's like a it's a
it's an alien mandible that when in need when it's agitated when it's time to
strike an impressive rick baker effect happens but not so impressive that I
then in the realm of these people who apparently well flaccid have a floaty
dick and it's not on top of the water it's just being upwardly mobile it's
it's moving up it's trying to get there I picture your penis is so long no you're
sitting in a bathtub and the head it's just like a pool it goes up like a
bobber when you're fishing yeah no it's just floating and then like the rest of
it is like a kite string no no Rob I couldn't does he dick float yeah yeah I
just assume you guys were talking about I know I got a great big dick that's why
I started thinking about it because you took a bath and I asked if you dick floated
first you said you said did you use bubble bath and I said no he said so you
just looked at your dick and I go yeah why do you think I took a bath okay well
so I could have been I had I had a really profound therapy session before I
came to New York because I've had a rough year and rough year for me means
nothing but I was you know my therapist is privy to you know the little
labyrinthine thing I've been going through and all the stuff and we really
talked about it and I this all does relate because I kind of like she was
asked she's like all right so all the shit's over with all the stuff that you
were thinking at like are we're what is what do you what are you doing this
weekend I'm like I'm going to New York doing the show that she's got all these
questions as like what you going to New York what are you worried about going
when you do a show in New York what are you worried about being in public or
whatever I'm like what are these questions I don't even understand like
what is your perception of me it goes in this guy look here's how I feel about
this stuff right now I don't I feel like for a year I have not been able to do
what I've done all my life again which I said on my last episode which is just
talk like and and stay feeling safe because of the venting of the shame and
letting people know where I'm at and all this stuff and I you know I started to
get it was like it was I came I came through that session because she made
me understand that she's like so you've been selling for 44 years this product
called I don't care and that's been very comfortable for you and what you're
really upset about right now is that you care and you resent people for making
you feel that way and you resent the ramifications of that all the stuff and
like hearing her kind of like parse it in this way I what I came around to was
oh shit so my job is not whether or not I should keep doing this or not doing it
or whatever it's like vulnerability is a good thing yeah it's a thing that I've
been allergic to like when I went whenever I was on a playground and I
would get beat up by the bully sometimes I'd fight back sometimes I'd take the
punches so hard that the bully would start to freak out sometimes I'd just
cry and piss my pants but but like like in any of those cases the only thing
that actually fucked me up was when the well-intended person would come up
behind me and go hey what are you doing why are you doing that to this guy and
then the bully would go cuz he's dirty and his hair's nappy and he smells like
a fish and and I and then it's not that's not what would I already knew
that's why I was getting the beating I was like I co-signed on that yeah it's
I'm definitely not showering for this kind of person so let the beatings
begin and whoa be to he who says enough it's I think that was some kind of from
Macbeth the the thing that would make me cry is when that nice person would come
up behind and then say to that bully go so what if he doesn't comb his hair so
what if he smells like a fish that doesn't make him a bad person you're a
mean person you're the one beating people up you shouldn't beat people up
just because they smell like fish that would make me want to murder the guy
sticking up for me and it would make me more importantly like want to get out
of there who would make me really really sad it was the thing that hurt about
getting beaten up it what not the beating like I fetishized getting beaten I
fetishize the numbness I fetishize the abuse I was like like don't just don't
ever ever fucking try to convince me that I'm vulnerable and because
vulnerability means destruction but no it doesn't that's the thing that I
recalibrated and so I just like these relationships between shame vulnerability
and existence and what our job is what bravery is all this stuff I finally came
out of that going okay so vulnerability is good it's actually good to tell
people here's what here's what I'm embarrassed about here's what here's what
makes me feel bad here's how you can actually hurt me here's the amount of
pain that I'm feeling those are those that that's a good thing to to share
that stuff it's a bad thing to let trauma push you back and cause you to
start getting more and more practical that's called PTSD it's it's it's like
it you experience a random piece of chaos that makes you wonder what the
fuck you've been your whole life and then your solution is to limit your
experience to a little straw so that the distance between the cup and your mouth
doesn't have as much of an opportunity to be fucking violated again that's
that's chaos winning that's that's cycle of abuse that's that's that's that's
the problem and it's natural and it's good but like I finally figured it out
like for this last year I've been like what am I what am I doing on this show
what am I supposed to be doing I like like like if there's things that that
talking about them actually helps Nazis like like then what what that so then
might so then the way you fight Nazis is you pretend they're not Nazis and all
this shit just like like the spiral of thought and all this shit with this
fucking like mentally ill people weaponized by 4chan trolls and people
like doing their best to try to get me fired and all this shit all of the
experiences that I've gone through this last year the common theme has been well
I know one thing's for sure the worst thing you could ever do is go out there
and talk about it because and that I that it's been true that's a true thing
and so it's it completely fucked me up but I now I got it I think I got it and
I'm sharing this now because I'm pretty sure Jeff is probably pretty embarrassed
that he he's such a 70s family feud drunkard that he that he can fall asleep
on his feet and end up in the clutches of the police outside LAX but like I I
you know I want I want you supported in that vulnerability I know what you
punished for it I and I don't I don't I think if I were to enter your head I'd
be like well don't talk to you frankly about this stuff because then when it
comes down to whether or not you're this or that and whether you should quit
doing this or quit doing that then everyone else has all the power because
they're all weighing in on your life and all that shit but no that's not true we
can continue to be pathologically unapologetic self exploratory narcissistic
fucking sociopathic messes I think we have to double down now more than ever
about what we find in our navel every morning if you're gay right now can I
ask a favor of you could you please be more gay in everything that you say and
everything that you do if you're if you're if you're a person of color can
you and then you happen to have a distaste for identity politics could you
find a little bit of a love for it just to antagonize the kinds of people that
want to that so that we can draw battle lines between those who want shame to
grow on trees and those who want to overcome it because that battle will
be won by the people who oppose shame and but but this battle that we're
fighting right now where it's like who should be more ashamed that well guess
who's gonna win shame mongers shame experts yeah but I'm right to feel
ashamed about my behavior today or last night last night Jeff how dare you imply
that I've met read you wrong fuck you no I mean like it's I wasn't sure if I
wanted to discuss this tonight because it is embarrassing but it happened and
it and talking about it out loud makes me want to improve myself right not do
that again like that's really really fucking bad it's really shady so weird
cuz like I honestly hearing the story I was like standing back there hearing it
about me and I was like fucking sounds so cool I'm fucking I'm fucking a fan of
my I didn't even know I could say and do such cool shit I was wearing this
fucking jumpsuit that I remember I remember peeing and a sleeve might have
brushed the just the top of the water because for it to the jumpsuit you have
to take off the whole thing and and sit down and you're like naked on top you
know when you pee and I definitely remember being like remember not to let
the sleeve go in the water and then I don't remember anything else up to that
anyway but I honestly you know I thought it was a win for most of us oh
yeah no we did it leavey I give you so I mean you know I love you man I don't
remember anything but I can't I do remember leavey MVP all the way Rob you
are real piece of shit though I didn't do anything I just was like oh god all
right I guess I'm ashamed of that I didn't I didn't help out what is a little
red pouch that you're holding Rob you've been holding a strange like kind of
leatherette this pouchy is my excuse me oh your glasses
I put my glasses in it oh have I ever told you guys that I've known Rob Schrab
for 70 years whatever it is 72 72 on Monday and and he still maintains he's
never bothered to let this go that he one of the many neurotypical things that
he hates like Pictionary big words he hates you know he's like he absolutely
hates the happy birthday song and the crazy thing is it's about to be his
birthday and since we're here at the Metropolitan Opera House I I thought we
should we should make Rob kill himself by singing him happy birthday happy birthday
hey hey hey $25,000 for that Dan do you want to sing in the car now it's
legal now it's fine I think it's legal now I think they like kicked those the
sisters that own the right yeah TV thing with happy birthday that like it used
to cost a lot of money so that's why I'm like a lot of TV shows when they sing
the happy birthday song it's like a fake it's like happy happy birthday
Dan do you want to sing rock community when we fade in and it's Troy's birthday
they go to you and then on top of it and then the character goes like I don't
understand that song why why what do you mean to you because I'm a genius and it
was great it was a great episode but but I did I hear the crazy thing is that the
happy birthday song now it's Kleenex now anyone can just fucking come in it
whatever you want but Mickey Mouse turns a hundred and seventy-five and it's you
know it's time to re-examine America's copyright laws I thought that was
amazing remember that happened it was like Mickey Mouse is about to be come as
old as Mark Twain novels like like like you you you're about to be able to do
whatever the fuck you want to Mickey Mouse and the entire establishment was
like well obviously we're gonna have that's not right and everyone react I
think yeah well what are you gonna do be able to like just use Mickey Mouse
that's not fair we all just rolled with it because well how would you protest
that like like what kind of group would that be what kind of Antifa would be
like out front of a building going like hey hey ho ho not letting me draw Mickey
Mouse blowing the little mermaid has got to go and selling it as a t-shirt like
at Spencer's gifts not you all right let's sorry I could I've been drinking I
could be something all right Spencer's beard probably doesn't have a day so
yeah back to that what's what what do you mean like what's the beard part in
your mind and your conception that you would grow out your pubes like I don't
know that you would grow them out in a way that do the curtains not match the
tree well I do I do shave like the front three quarters of each ball wait it
curtains not to the drapes there wait wait what do you do I shave the three
quarters of each ball which each ball that sounds like you have more than two
right it gives it gives each of them a little beard we got we got we got it I
think like well only so here's what I heard I'm not on Twitter anymore so my
news comes through weird trickles I literally talked to people in a water
cooler now the Girl Scouts are suing the Boy Scouts because the Boy Scouts are
dropping the boy part and therefore becoming scouts oh shit and so the Girl
Scouts are like fuck you you can't fucking horn in on our you can't
transition and then just invite yourself to our slumber party and start
talking about how dudes are full of shit like like like I was like the Girl
Scouts are that's what I that's what I heard isn't the Church of Satan suing
Netflix yeah yeah for what reason they use the image of boffo man who's boffo
man the Church of Satan in accordance to they have a boffo man boffo man is a
person or a building it's a it's a it's a depiction of Satan it's a depiction of
Satan this copy written well yeah it's copy written I mean a legend are you a
Satanist or were you there no no I think it's all very very stupid anyone who
thinks it's at all cool is stupid well I'm sorry okay so okay next next here's
my here's my final tidbit that I learned at a party from our Swedish friend the
Swedish so so picture a swede are you are you picturing a diversity higher it's
just want to seed that because I was amazed to find out from our Swedish
friend that in Sweden there are now I'm gonna get a bunch I'm gonna butcher some
of this and some of you in a crowd this big are gonna be like no I know what
you're talking about and I actually know what I'm trying to try not to get too
agitated by my like thing but I there the Swedes are not oh gee Swedes like
they also like they moved into Sweden and there were people there that were
already Swedish who got marginalized and are hanging out and they still live
there and it it's nothing any parallel you could they're called the Saa Saa Sami
Saa Saa Sama Spenska so I don't pronounce it but they they look like
old Navy Christmas elves from from they just they dress very festively in
Midwesterny they raise reindeer and they live in tents and they like I can't
would you pull up a picture of them they're just they also look like ABBA but
I guess their jaws are different or something I was so it was 2,000 years
ago that the Swedes showed up in Sweden and then these people then got pushed
aside I'm like you haven't fucked that problem out yet how well how much races
can you have when both people are white and it takes you 2,000 years to not fuck
each other they made me feel good about America cuz I'm like we haven't like we
do we just fucking jumped into the fucking dirt and we're like what are you
doing here I don't know I'm looking for gold I'm racist well I'm fucking black
fuck you and we just like fucking the people banging gavels and going look
we need a little fucking railroad so I'm telling you these people are free but
not you chicks everyone gets a gun no only if it's a revolver 200 years we've
been doing this it's like nothing it's a blink of an eye a country this young
should have fallen apart with this degree of everybody just like chesting up on
each other when they're allowed to when you've talked to your European friends
and their dirty little secrets come out like you guys the beauty you guys you
guys like 2,000 years ago like you haven't fucked these people yet that's
my I don't know I just found it uplifting they live they live in the they're
kind of like in order for Americans to understand it you'd have to like fuse
your understanding everyone tonight I want you to be take one message away
from our show tonight I want you to go home and fuck a Sammy tonight fuck any
fuck everybody doesn't everybody fuck everybody hurry up the two minute
clock is I mean obviously consensually like like that's my point is
everybody fuck everybody not half of you fuck people and half of you say no
thank you and that's let's stop doing that too let's let's all just I heard
Bill Cosby fell down the stairs in jail did you hear this it's like first day
date line Los Angeles Bill Cosby first day of prison falls down the stairs so
he's like oh shit I love dropping a mic
people keep throwing sandwiches at him yeah he got hit in the head with some
stale hot dog bun on his on early the first week people keep people keep food
fighting I have to imagine when you hear that don't you think oh must be nice
to be so famous that basically you have us like he got a bun thrown at him like
I'm like the day after I'm in prison I'm going to have like whatever tattoo the
strongest dude told me to get I will have shanked anyone smaller than me that
was I was told to shank I like I will have like that did you ever watch that I
love you Philip Morris story is that movie where Jim Carrey is the new guys
on the on the on it just got to prison he goes well you know if they start
beating you up always fight back or you could suck their dick you know like
that you could you know like either wash their clothes for him or you could
suck your dick suck their dick you know like everybody's like he's the answer
is suck their dick suck their dick and the last thing and you can suck my dick
now you know like so what is not real there's a lot of homophobia in prison okay
that's true this character Jim Carrey's character is talking to another guy and
saying like you these options right shout out to our imprisoned podcast
listeners sure I don't know if podcasting is a thing thanks for
throwing that hot dog bun at Bill Cosby let's see if we can outdo it next week I
do want to let you know I have a pet peeve about this I don't
like that our society thinks it's totally fucking kosher this idea that
there's like a oh you go to prison which is supposed to be a bad place and I'm
not saying I'm not being a prude and saying let's stop making jokes about it
I think it's fucked up that we all have this like understanding that oh and then
when you get in there it's fucking horrible and like like in ways that make
no sense and that weren't ordered by a judge like you could get raped and you
could like get murdered and it all depends on whether or not you just and
we all just like go like yeah that's what prison is like because it should be a
bad place like come on these people fucking these are the only people you
caught and that showed up to court and were made themselves available to handcuffs
make a fucking life for them and but in the joint like it's probably this Alaska
Airlines flight made me want to go legit no leg room for five hours I was
like I had I was on my back my feet are on the ceiling I am pretty sure prison's
always gonna be a drag let's stop accepting that that it's escape from
New York and that like oh where you're going I heard Bubba's gonna fuck your
butt like that's so fucked up I'm not saying the jokes aren't you know don't
make jokes about that I'm saying like like are you saying we should make prison
better or stop joking that it's bad we should know jokes jokes smokes I'm
saying we should we if we're gonna have the largest prison population in the
cut in the world we should start looking at prison the way we look at other
shit where we're like well you know here's you know like like tell them
America sent you like like the prison system is basically like a huge
gigantic fucking part of the American experience let's define ourselves by how
rehabilitative it is and how much it prepares you to be the next Elon Musk
like let's like like show people show the world go like just do grand larceny
didn't have a chance like every fucking by the time you get out we're gonna
reform you into a rich douchebag got got got out of the joint invested in
Tesla and fucking started his own play on most but like becoming the least
likable person like every time you read a new story about this guy he's just
becoming a bigger twat and there's like Nazis Jeff huh there's Nazis all right
I just get scared cuz I'm I truly use I believe it's possible for me to go to
prison I mean I was like fucking like like acting badass about searching my
laptop to some TSA guy like if you're at the wrong place at the wrong time you
end up in prison like like the people are gonna say well Dean Harmon's in
prison and then they're gonna go well then you know it's probably gonna get
raped and I'm like like that imagine how that feels like when you're behind
like what do you mean probably gonna get what that's not on the menu that's
that should be a thing I sign up for that like like all right well okay
preaching to the choir or I don't know what you definitely sign up for prison
oh that's true we might be in like the new this I think this theater there's a
prison being built across the street and all of these guys live in the attic
and they're like come on fairs fair we don't want this prison
it's all local politics that's why there's crazy shit with prisons that you
know they're all owned by companies and shit yeah we should open a fucking
prison and make it the best fucking prison that people like I'll tell you a
little tidbit Harmon jail I got in trouble let's open a harm we just put
bars on the society yeah all ourselves prisoners of we can say we were
locked away like this yeah yeah sure everybody's in the mood to follow me in
some gimmick for the podcast what you really they really got that moon moon
payoff what's your tip tidbit you said yeah I was saying like I I think I could
start a cool present because when I was a kid I got I got caught smoking a
cigarette in the parking lot at school in high school I was with three other
girls the principal vice principal walked down made eye contact with me saw
that I clearly was smoking but I had enough time to like warn my friends so
they put their cigarettes out and I took the fall for all them and like the
principal she fucking knew she like she in the office she was like look I have
to like call your parents it is a big thing but like I want to give you
props like I saw what you did back there cool on you you know like there was an
unspoken thing at least I think we like organized crime but what happened was
since she felt you know I think sympathetic toward me she she was like
listen I'm not gonna suspend you I'm gonna make I'm gonna make this like
limited thing where it's just lunchtime detention and all of you guys are gonna
have to go cuz like I know you guys weren't even allowed to be in the parking
lot so it was like lunchtime detention in this room right we to go every
day and eat lunch there by the end of the week people were fucking getting in
trouble on purpose to be part of lunch bunch we wound up having our own page in
our yearbook okay on is what I'm saying and part of it was at first people were
just coming to hang out with us and then it was like no you have to you to get
into lunch bunch you have to actually get into get into trouble because the
teacher mr. Sherrod was like he outlawed it and so then they were getting in
trouble yeah mr. Sherrod I have a question so lunch bunch sounds like an
awesome sequel to breakfast club and there's a dinner sinners and it is a
good but I mean really to that point which is the society supposed to well
at least the liberal side of society says you're supposed to be defined by the
treatment the experience as the lowest person right so like if what's this like
like if you if someone were to propose prison reform and say like oh when you
go to prison actually you get kind of a fucking break like this nightmare for
people are like fuck them it's like like isn't there this like really easy thick
line or it's like well then do you sounds like you want to go to prison which
it's isn't the same with gay marriage and drugs and also there's always this
debate between people who are like well what what then everyone just starts
smoking joints all the time what the fuck what's to stop me from smoking a
joint and that's always the other person I was trying to do is like sounds like
you want to fucking smoke a joint or you're worried that if you do you're
gonna punch somebody or that you're not gonna or that you're gonna die or
that you think and it's like that with prison reform it's kind of like what is
our real worry that oh we're gonna if you grow up in a shitty neighborhood and
you end up sentenced of a crime and then you like oh we're worried that the
slippery slope is that everyone's gonna want to go to prison and like what if
you pushed that gas pedal down and we're like yeah make a society where
everyone wants to go to prison figure it out like like by the time you figure
out how to create that society I think you're gonna have accidentally created
proper fixes itself because you're gonna be like well then why is it prison and
then you're gonna be like yeah I come out of prison a better person is no I
don't know you don't know what I'm talking about you ruined everything I
was being so clear they were they were silent because I was being clear you
ruined it that's the way I choose to remember this which I will not in 10
minutes I'm sorry I ruined the show with my
pontifications about society but I feel like in my head there's like a
definition like the podcast 70% how we got here even though we were drunk and
then I choose to make 30% somehow educational or something it was good
it's a throwback to my 80s education that was like public access programming
was born of that they're guy well we'll give you a monopoly over television the
cable company but you have to let poor people use cameras it's fine it's a new
segment our show called the more you drink okay so we're we're at the end of
our festival run where I know have you enjoyed your festival thank you so much
for the New York Comedy Festival for having us out here all the voices that
were sad about the show being over were feminine I noticed finally yeah I know
I was finally we got some bitches on our side it's because Cody is so
bon vivant with her fucking beanie in her fucking like I'll show my T to a
baby you guys are good guys and and women we love you I'm one woman I love
you all of you guys love all you guys I think this has been a fun time for me
it's my first time coming on the podcast yeah I've been I've been dating Dan for
three years and this is the first time and the whole reason I never come on is
because I'm there there's really mean people on Reddit and like they say
really mean things one one guy I'm like there was a whole thread about like I
put a lot of nude pictures up on my Instagram and this guy like trying to
talk shit and he's like well I don't even get why should we do that she's just a
fleshy pyramid with a doughy face on top so guess what I did I fucking took back
the night now I take even more nude pictures and I fucking hashtag fleshy
pyramid with doughy face on top and now I'm loving it embracing the shame
prisoner form maybe that guy is masturbating but I don't know but you're
happier than I am and I'm happier because I'm with you because you when
you look at me when I get naked in the foot of the bed and go like well for
mingo like like I don't I'm like I'm like holy shit I'm in a place of no
judgment and no shame it's like and then it's like you go like oh go like that
and I'm gonna Instagram you I'm like okay whatever I have fine I'm gonna get
called fast one question to codes so when when Dan was in the bathroom and
you were you were like in the other room saying wash that dick cuz I'm gonna
suck it later were you in the outfit with sunglasses and watch that dick so I
can say my mechanic jump yeah yeah were you in that okay that's pretty fucking
you know Dan I'm Dan you watch that dick cuz I'm gonna suck it later yeah I
know I was I for one Dan I for one I'm glad that your dick doesn't float I
think that's I think that makes you special hey probably I when I if I
think about if I was going to perform oral pleasures on a gentleman for a lot
of you I would like to start with a little like salted nut like fucking like
a little a little thumb tip like right above the knuckle and like have the
pleasure of the fucking fur happy new year it would make me feel more
masculine and like I like that it's like good every and so does every
crackerjack prize like rose it's like oh it's a dinosaur you drop it in the
water and you we are you have the phrase growing on a show or but sorry go
ahead I just think I love your dick a lot thank you cliff hangin thank you
New York thank you so much New York comedy festival thank you try it back
go thank you New York City let's give it up a Rob drop to DaVinci codes Cody
Heller you gotta love it or leave me Steve Levyme the guy that got us all
here safe and sound Frederick Clinton and I'm your comptroller Jeff Davis and
your mayor is Dan Harmon thank you thank you Kris Boruff stay honest stay gentle
stay vulnerable stay brave New York I love you so much we love it here drive fast
and take chances did you get any of that